Release 0.5.0 docs (#532)
eclipse-pass/main: docs/release-notes.md

## Release v0.5.0
### Date: April 27, 2023

> This release introduces the Metadata Schema Service and the Policy Service API. Release Automations have been expanded to include Pass-Acceptance-Testing and Pass-Docker.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This release introduces the Metadata Schema Service and the Policy Service API. Release Automation has been expanded to include [pass-acceptance-testing](https://github.com/eclipse-pass/pass-acceptance-testing) and [pass-docker](https://github.com/eclipse-pass/pass-docker).
```

Reviewer: A brief (few word) description of the purpose of the Metadata Schema Service and Policy Service would help make this more understandable for those not already familiar with how PASS works.

> * More release automations added to include Pass-Acceptance-Testing and Pass-Docker

Reviewer: These three bullets really just repeat the sentence above, so aren't that helpful.
